---
title: "Post: Project Description"
categories:
  - Blog
tags:
  - Post Formats
---

CDS-Exchange Project is excited to announce a new webinar series about Computational Science Education. We hope to:
 
1. Share existing courses and modules with a larger faculty community:
We have materials developed during our pilot project, C2Exchange, that we would like to share and discuss.  By sharing these resources, we can help to increase access to high-quality materials, improve the quality of instruction, and foster collaboration across institutions. This can also help to reduce redundancy and duplication of efforts, as faculty can build on existing materials rather than starting from scratch.
 
2. Identify gaps to fill in CDS curriculum:
By identifying areas that are underrepresented in current offerings, we can work together to create new materials that meet the needs of their students. This can help to ensure that students are prepared for the demands of a rapidly changing job market and can help to attract and retain students interested in CDS.
 
3. Facilitate course or module development by the community:
We aim to provide a supportive environment for faculty who are interested in developing new CDS courses or modules. By working together, we can provide feedback and guidance on course design, pedagogy, and assessment. This can help to ensure that new courses are effective and engaging and can also help to reduce the workload for individual faculty members.
 
4. Provide opportunities for professional development and networking for faculty in CDS who often are isolated at their own institution:
This goal focuses on building a supportive community of faculty who are interested in CDS. By providing opportunities for professional development and networking, we can help to reduce isolation and foster collaboration across institutions. This can also help to improve the quality of instruction by providing faculty with access to new ideas and best practices.
 
5. Encourage faculty research collaboration:
This goal aims to promote research collaboration among faculty members who are interested in CDS. By working together on research projects, we can help to advance the field of CDS and develop new approaches to teaching and learning. This can also help to increase the visibility of CDS research and promote the development of new funding opportunities.


This theme supports **link posts**, made famous by John Gruber. To use, just add `link: http://url-you-want-linked` to the post's YAML front matter and you're done.

> And this is how a quote looks.

Some [link](#) can also be shown.
